1.   Write a Python program that prints all the numbers from 0 to 6 except 3 and 6.
Note : Use 'continue' statement. 

2.   Write a Python program to get the Fibonacci series between 0 to 50

3.   Write a Python program which iterates the integers from 1 to 50. 
     For multiples of three print "Fizz" instead of the number and for the multiples of five print "Buzz".
     For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print "FizzBuzz".

4.   Write a Python program to check whether an alphabet is a vowel or consonant

5.   Write a Python program to calculate the sum and average of n integer numbers (input from the user). Input 0 to finish.

6.   Write a Python program to create the multiplication table (from 1 to 10) of a number.

7.   Write a program to sum seven terms of given series.
     [Hint: use Math. Factorial(x) by import math]

8.   When interest compounds q times per year at an annual rate of r % for n years, the principle p compounds to an amount a as per the following formula a = p ( 1 + r / q ) nq
     Write a program to read 10 sets of p, r, n & q and calculate the corresponding as.

9.  The policy followed by a company to process customer orders is given by the following rules:
    (a) If a customer order is less than or equal to that in stock and has credit is OK, supply has requirement.
    (b) If has credit is not OK do not supply. Send him intimation.
    (c) If has credit is Ok but the item in stock is less than has order, supply what is in stock.
     Intimate to him data the balance will be shipped.

10. A university has the following rules for a student to qualify for a degree with A as the main subject and B as the subsidiary subject:
    (a) He should get 55 percent or more in A and 45 percent or more in B.
    (b) If he gets than 55 percent in A he should get 55 percent or more in B. However, he should get at least 45 percent in A.
    (c) If he gets less than 45 percent in B and 65 percent or more in A he is allowed to reappear in an examination in B to qualify.
    (d) In all other cases he is declared to have failed.